Toniof 352 support typespecifiers (#354)
dcs4cop/xcube: docs/source/storeconv.md

 - The
   [`xcube.util.jsonschema`](https://github.com/dcs4cop/xcube/blob/master/xcube/util/jsonschema.py) source code

## Naming Identifiers

This section states what identifiers used by an xcube data store SHALL look like.

In the DataStore framework, identifiers are used to denote data sources, data stores, and data accessors.
Data store, data opener, and data writer identifiers are used to register the component as extension in a package's plugin.py.
Identifiers MUST be unambiguous in the scope of the data store. 
They SHOULD be unambiguous across the entirety of data stores. 

There are no further restrictions for data source and data store identifiers.

A data accessor identifier MUST correspond to the following scheme:

`<type_specifier>:<format_identifier>:<storage_identifier>`

> `<type_specifier>` MUST be a valid string that specifies a data type.

Reviewer: What's the definition of "valid" in this context?

> `<type_specifier>` MUST be a valid string that specifies a data type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`<type_specifier>` is a string that specifies a data type. Its intention and format is described below.
```

> In case the type specifier has flags, the flags MUST be given in brackets, in alphabetic order, without spaces (e.g., `dataset[cube,multilevel]`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the type specifier has flags, the flags MUST be given in square brackets, in alphabetic order, separated by single commas, without spaces (e.g., `dataset[cube,multilevel]`).
```

> In case the type specifier has flags, the flags MUST be given in brackets, in alphabetic order, without spaces (e.g., `dataset[cube,multilevel]`).

Reviewer 2: > In case the type specifier has flags, the flags MUST be given in brackets...

This is our convention and we have to tell users about the usage and the general syntax of type specifiers. How can a user know if their specifier has flags or not, if it is not explained what these flags are and how they are used.

Reviewer 2: Provide a clear and unambiguous syntax descroiption (Backus Naur) and some explained examples.

> Note that `*` is a valid value in case that any type is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `*` is a special value indicating that any type is supported.
```

> Note that `*` is a valid value in case that any type is supported.

Reviewer 2: We want users to "note" everything in this doc. It is a (our) convention. So we define what things means and how they are used.
